#Noise filtering
The main focus to eliminate noise in order to have a clean set of data, was to determine the best thresholds for each of the columns within the dataset. 
To begin with, the x-axis threshold is assumed to be fixed, as it apparetnly does not change between columns offrames. The y-axis threshold is different. 
Because of this, for every group of points, a maximum and minimum y value was determined, and the rane between both of these values is the threshold. 
If any point goes out of this threshold, even if it is within the same x-value, it will be treated as an outlier. This can be applied to any number of frames as desired. 
Eventhough this ended up not making much of a impact on the data, it is worth knowing that the noise is being filtered correvtly. 
This method can be also complemented with the method of eliminating other groups of outliers by inspecting the length of the array that holds these group in comparison with the columns' array length.

#Period
In order to determine the contour or position of the airfoil at each angle, we have to consider each snapshot at a certain moment in time.
Since the movement of the airfoil is sinusoidal in Case 1 & 2 with a given period of 2.5 seconds (0.4Hz), we can use this property to determine the times at which the airfoil is at the same position.
Once you have the times at which the airfoil is at a certain position, you can relate that to the corresponding snapshots.
In order to approximate the contour of the airfoil at different moments in time (but at the same position), you can plot the points of all corresponding snapshots.
This results in several plots of the contour of the airfoil for each time it is at the same position. These points can subsequently be averaged using the column method that filters the outliers.

On another note, we can already determine what kind of function represents the position of the airfoil.
This is namely a periodic function with an amplitude of 4 degrees (given) and a frequency of 0.4Hz. 
This can be written as a function alpha = 4*sin(2*pi*t). This function still might require shifting so at least the angle of one snapshot at a certain time is required to shift the graph correctly.
